Updates section (#793)
okta/odyssey: packages/docs/updates/index.md

template: plain
title: Odyssey Updates
headline: Updates
lead: Here’s a list of all our most recent updates. Updates can vary from component changes to team updates and contribution.

> description: Odyssey colors consist of a variety of neutral, semantic, and brand values used in all UIs for utmost clarity and readability.

Reviewer: content mismatch

> lead: Here’s a list of all our most recent updates. Updates can vary from component changes to team updates and contribution.
> description: Odyssey colors consist of a variety of neutral, semantic, and brand values used in all UIs for utmost clarity and readability.

Author: ```suggestion
lead: Here’s a list of all our most recent updates. Updates can vary from component changes to team updates and contributions.
description: Here’s a list of all our most recent updates. Updates can vary from component changes to team updates and contributions.
```
